This is Bai's house
I don't have your say
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
You can't wait to break out
Father, Xueyao
Now it looks like this.
It's definitely supper, this trash is playing tricks in the back
It must be this trash behind the scenes
You rubbish
Kneel down for me
Is it really not that the whole family does not enter the same door?
A nest of snakes and mice
What are you still doing here with a Bai family like Shenyang?
Here we go.
Damn it!
What kind of place do you take the Bai family as?
Come and go as you want
Come
supper
I must give you an unforgettable lesson today
train
Ha, some people.
Just need a beating
How dare you be so stubborn when you eat soft rice
A lesson should have been learned a long time ago
Don't even think about moving with me
supper
Xue Yao
If you are obsessed
I don't mind teaching you a lesson
Do it!
What happened to Tianyu
Dad?
Don't scare my dad Tianyu, are you alright?
Are you okay Tianyu?
Don't scare me
It could be sudden depression